{ "Which vitamin helps with calcium absorption?" : "Vitamin D", 
"Adults need at least how many hours of sleep per night? (enter a number)" : "7", 
"What is the active ingredient in turmeric, which can help with decreasing inflammation?" : "Curcumin", 
"Also known as Indian ginseng, which herbal supplement can help with decreasing stress and anxiety?" : "Ashwagandha", 
"Which of the three COVID-19 vaccines was found to be more effective at preventing hospitalizations?" : "Moderna", 
"Which hormone controls the sleep-wake cycle, and is a supplement commonly taken by people who have trouble sleeping?" : "Melatonin", 
"At a minimum, how many minutes of physical activity per week is recommended for adults? (enter a number)" : "150", 
"Commonly found in dairy products, and taken as a supplement, what is the name of the good bacteria in our gut that help with digestion?" : "Probiotics", 
"Which disease is currently the leading cause of death in the United States?" : "Heart Disease", 
"Which mineral supports muscle function, heart health, and relaxation?" : "Magnesium", 
"Which type of protein helps with maintaining skin, hair, nail, and joint health?" : "Collagen", 
"Commonly found in meat, seafood, and dairy products, and taken as a supplement, which mineral supports immune health and wound healing?" : "Zinc", 
"Citrus fruits contain high levels of a vitamin that supports the immune system and protects cells.  What is the name of this vitamin?" : "Vitamin C", 
"If your iron levels are too low, red blood cells may not be able to transport which element?" : "Oxygen",  "Which type of fish oil reduces inflammation?" : "EPA", 
"Which type of fish oil improves brain health?" : "DHA", 
"Besides folate, which other type of B vitamin helps with the production of red blood cells and DNA?" : "Vitamin B12", 
"Which endocrine-disrupting chemical is commonly found in bottles and cans? (enter in the acronym)" : "BPA", 
"Which endocrine-disrupting chemicals are commonly used as a preservative in body care and beauty products?" : "Parabens", 
"Seniors, long-term care facility residents, people with underlying medical conditions, and people in high-risk occupations are eligible for a COVID-19 booster shot how many months after their second dose? (enter a number)" : "6", 
"Between vitamins A-E, which one can help with improving night vision?" : "Vitamin A", 
"Which amino acid supplement can help with reducing stress and anxiety?" : "L-Theanine" }